added the action LOOKUP_USER_BY_EMAIL, and unit tests (#327)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: office365_admin/help.md

# Description

> Administrate and manage Office 365 users and licenses

Reviewer: Revert this and key features. Somehow it looks like your sections were deleted.

# Key Features

> Identify key features of plugin.

Reviewer: Revert

> Identify key features of plugin.

Reviewer 2: It looks like Key features got overwritten. possibly a bug with the regen

Author: yes a regen bug.  It messes up the examples as well.  Ty for the catch

# Requirements

> * Example: Requires an API Key from the product

Reviewer 2: Same thing as key features

* Example: API must be enabled on the Settings page in the product's user interface

> 

Reviewer: Revert

# Description

> Administrate and manage Office 365 users and licenses

Reviewer 3: Revert

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|
|app_id|string|None|True|The ID of the registered app that obtained the refresh token|None|
|app_secret|credential_token|None|True|The secret of the registered app that obtained the refresh token|None|
|tenant_id|string|None|True|The ID of the directory that identifies the tenant|None|

## Technical Details

### Actions

#### Lookup User by Email

> This action is used to get contact details of a user, trying to find them based email.

Reviewer 3: This reads a little off
```suggestion
This action is used to get contact details of a user from an email.
```

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|
|app_id|string|None|True|The ID of the registered app that obtained the refresh token|None|
|app_secret|credential_token|None|True|The secret of the registered app that obtained the refresh token|None|
|tenant_id|string|None|True|The ID of the directory that identifies the tenant|None|

## Technical Details

### Actions

#### Lookup User by Email

This action is used to get contact details of a user from an email.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|
|email_address|string|None|True|Email address to search on|None|

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|user|object|False|Metadata of the user matching the search in JSON format|

> Example Output:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Example output:
```

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|success|boolean|False|Return true if it worked|

Example output:
```
{
  "success": true
}
```

> #### Get Subscribed SKUs

Author: I did not add this action in the PR.  I used icon-plugin generate help ...

Author: The order of the items was changed.

Reviewer 3: If it's missing added. If you can, update the example output please.

Example output:

```
{
  "success": true
}
```

### Triggers

_This plugin does not contain any triggers._

### Custom Output Types

#### serviceItem

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|Applies To|string|True|Entity SKU applies to|
|Service Plan ID|string|True|Service plan ID|
|Service Plan Name|string|True|Service plan name|

#### skuItem

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|appliesTo|string|True|Entity SKU applies to|
|Capability Status|string|True|Availability of SKU|
|Consumed Units|integer|False|Consumed units|
|ID|string|False|SKU team ID|
|Service Plans|[]serviceItem|True|List of service plans|
|SKU ID|string|True|SKU ID|
|SKU Part Number|string|True|SKU part number|

## Troubleshooting

_This plugin does not contain any troubleshooting information._

# Version History

> * 1.3.0 - Added action Lookup User By Email

Reviewer: Did you add this too in this PR? 

Get Subscribed SKUs

Author: No I did not.

Example output:

```
{
  "success": true
}
```

### Triggers

_This plugin does not contain any triggers._

### Custom Output Types

#### serviceItem

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|Applies To|string|True|Entity SKU applies to|
|Service Plan ID|string|True|Service plan ID|
|Service Plan Name|string|True|Service plan name|

#### skuItem

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|appliesTo|string|True|Entity SKU applies to|
|Capability Status|string|True|Availability of SKU|
|Consumed Units|integer|False|Consumed units|
|ID|string|False|SKU team ID|
|Service Plans|[]serviceItem|True|List of service plans|
|SKU ID|string|True|SKU ID|
|SKU Part Number|string|True|SKU part number|

## Troubleshooting

_This plugin does not contain any troubleshooting information._

# Version History

> * 1.4.0 - Added action Lookup User By Email

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* 1.4.0 - New action Lookup User By Email
```
Per changelog style https://komand.github.io/python/style.html#changelog

## References

> * [Office365 Admin](LINK TO PRODUCT/VENDOR WEBSITE)

Author: reverted
